(Optionally) Run Unit Tests as pre-push hook (#2073)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/contribution_guide.rst

  (nucypher)$ pytest

Setup Commit & Push Hooks
--------------------------

> Pre-commit and pre-push are used for quality control by preventing a commit that will fail
> if passed along to CI servers or by making small formatting changes directly to source code files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ and pre-push are used for quality control to identify and prevent the inclusion of problematic code changes. It may prevent a commit that will fail
if passed along to CI servers or make small formatting changes directly to source code files.
```

Reviewer: ^ Updated "It" to "They"
